51) What is unsupervised learning?

 c) Neither feature nor number of groups is known


 52) Which of the following is not a machine learning algorithm?

 b) SVG

 53) _______ is the scenario when the model fails to decipher the underlying trend in the input data

 
b) Underfitting 



 54) Real-Time decisions, Game AI, Learning Tasks, Skill acquisition, and Robot Navigation are applications of ............
a) Reinforcement learning


 55) What is called the average squared difference between classifier predicted output and actual output? 
b) Mean squared error 


 56) Logistic regression is a ........... regression technique that is used to model data having a ............ outcome.

c) Nonlinear, binary 

57) You are given reviews of few netflix series marked as positive, negative and neutral. Classifying reviews of a new netflix series is an example of

A.	supervised learning
58) Following is powerful distance metrics used by Geometric model
C. both a and b

59) Which of the following techniques would perform better for reducing dimensions of a data set?
A. removing columns which have too many missing values
60) Supervised learning and unsupervised clustering both require which is correct according to the statement.
C. input attribute.

61) What is the meaning of hard margin in SVM?
(A) SVM allows very low error in classification

62) 
Increase in which of the following hyper parameter results into overfit in Random forest? (1). Number of Trees. (2). Depth of Tree, (3). Learning Rate
(B) Only 2

63) 
Below are the 8 actual values of target variable in the train file: [0,0,0, 0, 1, 1,1,1,1,1], What is the entropy of the target variable?
(A) -(6/10 log(6/10) + 4/10 log(4/10))

64) Lasso can be interpreted as least-squares linear regression where
(A) weights are regularized with the l1 norm

65) Consider the problem of binary classification. Assume I trained a model on a linearly separable training set, and now I have a new labeled data point that the model properly categorized and is far away from the decision border. In which instances is the learnt decision boundary likely to change if I now add this additional point to my previous training set and re-train? When the training model is,
(B) Logistic regression and Gaussian discriminant analysis

66) Assume you’ve discovered multi-collinear features. Which of the following actions do you intend to take next? (1). Both collinear variables should be removed. (2). Instead of deleting both variables, we can simply delete one. (3). Removing correlated variables may result in information loss. We may utilize penalized regression models such as ridge or lasso regression to keep such variables.
(D) Either 2 or 3
67) 
A least squares regression study of weight (y) and height (x) yielded the following least squares line: y = 120 + 5x. This means that if the height is increased by one inch, the weight should increase by what amount?
(B) increase by 5 pound

68) 
The line described by the linear regression equation (OLS) attempts to ____?
(D) Minimize the squared distance from the points

69) 
For two real-valued attributes, the correlation coefficient is 0.85. What does this value indicate?
(A) The attributes are not linearly related
70) 
Which neural network architecture would be most suited to handle an image identification problem (recognizing a dog in a photo)?
(B) Convolutional Neural Network

